we wanted to do the next bust as one of
the human characters from the Star Wars
series a lot of the sideshow staff and
artists find obi-wan Kenobi to be one of
the most pivotal characters of the Star
Wars series and we decided that who
better to go with then loose wise old
master obi-wan Kenobi from a new hope
the the portrayal of Alec Guinness as
the character was amazing because he had
this sense of wisdom and he had this
sense of of knowledge that really stuck
with a lot of people that seen the film
you get that emotion you kind of get
that sullen feeling that he's been
hanging out on Tatooine for a long time
and he's may be ready to see some action
he knows what's going on with Luke he
can foresee the future a little bit i
did this portrait and I want to find
reference where he didn't have his beard
it's easier to get portrait likeness if
you add what normally grows later on to
the face or if there's a make appliance
on it get the portrait down then do the
makeup appliance over it and in his case
I found a nice reference shot from
murder by death and he'll Simon comedy
and it was actually a great piece of
reference to work from once the portrait
was completed and approved then I
started the the bust we didn't want to
see just a standard bust cut right below
the chest sitting on a base or cut at
the waist it's a little bit boring to us
we wanted to infuse just some more art
some more design and some more
composition to the bus that normally
isn't seen in a half-scale bus or any
size busts really I kind of was inspired
by classic busts with a modern twist I
love the classic Greek and Roman bus
with all the fabric flowing around all
the pieces and so I kind of took that
and just merged into more of a modern
design there was a challenge in the
asymmetry there's usually you can find
balance on a symmetrical bust I can find
where both shoulders are supposed to end
where where to bring it down naturally
this doesn't go that way I have to find
where I can make the silhouette end and
still find structure they'll make it
pleasing from 360 degrees and you can
see where the negative space works well
as well for me as an artist that has to
have that balance that will make it look
good
from all sides I just think it's a
really striking piece to look at not
just the portrait but the whole style of
the bus is just really exciting and
appealing to the eye and I hope the
collectors really like it